c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe.config
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.Resources.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.Login.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.Principal.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.Reporte.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocio.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaAccesoDatos.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocio.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocio.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaAccesoDatos.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GestionDeDatosII-ProyectoBasic\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaAccesoDatos.xml
